Hello , I’m Rateb Kefi , I’m a developer engeneer and I have a master degree in software engineering and programming in 2008.

I started my career In Streamerz in 2009 wish is a software Comapny , I was hired such as a Wordpress and FlashAS3 developer 

My job consisted on developing of wordpress showcase platforms and Facebook mini games for advertising campaigns.
So I was familiare with PHP , AS3 , Javascript , CSS , Bootstrap , SQL and Wordpress.

in 2013 , I have the opportinute to work at Wezign wish is also a software Company but this time I was hired such as a Symfony and Angular developer .

The first project was an existing platform which sell a movie tickets developed already with Framework Symfony 2.7 
I worked with a team composed by 3 fullstack developer and the project manager 
my job was to migrate the shopping cart from php to Angular 1.5
in order to communicate with an API gived by the Client.

My second Project with the same team was the creation from scratch of online sales websiste called Bigdeal.tn with Symfony 2.7 , with this project I participated through all the stages of production of this kind of project , I mean tasks like Analysis of functional needs, drafting of detailed specifications, Design, specific developments, tests and maintenance.

My third and last project with that company was also the creation from scratch of Comparison platform of currencies called meilleur-taux.tn .

The Backend was in nodejs (express 4) and the Frontend was in Angular 1.5 and the communication between both Two sides was through Rest API , My task was the creation for many REST API in back and consume them In Front , that was the best occasion to practise Node with angular through Rest API.

after that in the end of 2016 I took the opportunity to join Tritux that is a famous Tunisian company in the field of software develoement, I had there a short experience for six months wish I worked on SIM Management solution for Tunisian Telecom Company.
My Task was the Implementation of management rules for DSA SIM at the import level of txt file that contains the SIM package .

In midle 2017 I started my mission in DPD France wish is an international parcel delivery service for sorter compatible.
I worked with a team composed by three php Developer and two Talend Developer . My mission was the Migration of various applications that manage the parcel delivery lifecycle from native php to  One application React/Symfony3.4 . I worked throught APIPlatfrom in symfony and react in Front .
 



